cloud: update doc for left navigation (#11568)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-data-into-tidb.md

- If your source data is located in Amazon S3 cloud storage, take the following steps:

    1. Configure Amazon S3 access to allow TiDB cloud to access the source data in your Amazon S3 bucket. For more information, see [configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

>     2. From the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, choose your target project on the top of the left navigation bar, and then click the name of your target cluster to go to its own overview page. Click **Import Data**, and then fill in the importing related information on the **Data Import** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, choose your target project on the top of the left navigation bar. Then, locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, select **Import Data**, and then fill in the importing related information on the **Data Import** page.
```
